div meaning division's just a way we divide the webpage into parts and the class there is just like giving that part of the division a name so <div class="main-wrapper> just means that is the main division of the webpage 
by pressing the alt and shift button simultaneously and pressing the down arrow the number of times I want to duplicate the line am currently on
tangwulin2020
git add . to add all the changes
git commit -m "the changes that where made should be stated out here"
git add (the name of the file to be added) to add a specific file














assignments
Based on what we have done so far carry out the following ;
1. Create a simple portfolio website (you can add css styles to it using style attribute)
2. The Portfolio website should have a headshot picture of yourself corporately dressed (Trads or Western)
3. It should have your full name , email, linkdin profile link and , github link
4 Add a section for a short bio of yourself.














Go to W3Schools html platform and do the following:
1. Study the topics from HTML Formatting to HTML Iframes
2. Practice all the exercises .
3. Create your own examples in vscode in the class_1 folder index.html file












1. Research and find out the reason for the acronyms ; HTML and CSS used to describe the 2 major technologies for web development



1. Create a frontendmentor account if you don't have one and download the starter files for the news-homepage-main project. the link to the site and project are added  below.
Make sure you create an account before clicking the second link. You can link your github account to signup.
 Watch the video of the latest class on how to setup the project files.

2.Edit the README.md to have you description of the work you are about to do using the README.template.md as a guide.

3. Study W3schools from CSS BOX MODEL TO CSS ATTRIBUTE SELECTORS. Use the skills learnt to attempt developing the project

Frontend Mentor | Front-end coding challenges using a real-life workflow
https://www.frontendmentor.io/

Frontend Mentor | News homepage hub
https://www.frontendment









Go to W3Schools CSS platform and do the following:
1. Study the topics from CSS Selectors to CSS Box Model
2. Practice all the exercises .
3. Create your own examples in vscode in the class_assignment folder in a index.html and index.css file






